1. Difference between python 2 and python 3?
 
   * Python 2:
     1.print function, print " Hello"
     2.When two integers are divided, you always provide integer value.
     3.To store Unicode string value, you require to define them with "u".
     4.In Python 2, the xrange() is used for iterations.
     5.The value of the global variable will change while using it inside for-loop.

   * Python 3:
     1.print function, print (" Hello")
     2.Whenever two integers are divided, you get a float value
     3.In Python 3, default storing of strings is Unicode.
     4.The new Range() function introduced to perform iterations.
     5.The value of global variables never changes.

2. Difference between compiler and interpreter ?

   * Compiler:
     A compiler is a computer program that transforms code written in a high-level programming language
     into the machine code. It is a program which translates the human-readable code to a language a computer
     processor understands (binary 1 and 0 bits). The computer processes the machine code to perform the corresponding
     tasks.
     A compiler should comply with the syntax rule of that programming language in which it is written. However, the
     compiler is only a program and cannot fix errors found in that program. So, if you make a mistake, you need to make
     changes in the syntax of your program. Otherwise, it will not compile.

   
  
   *Interpreter:
     An interpreter is a computer program, which coverts each high-level program statement into the machine code. 
     This includes source code, pre-compiled code, and scripts. Both compiler and interpreters do the same job which 
     is converting higher level programming language to machine code. However, a compiler will convert the code into 
     machine code (create an exe) before program run. Interpreters convert code into machine code when the program is run.

    
3. What is escape sequence with an example ?
   
    Escape sequences thus work in two ways: they may apply a special function to a character that doesn't have one by
    default as in the case of (\n) or they may disable a special function from a character that has one by default (\').

    E.g., \n - new line
          \t - tab
          \" - to print "


4. Good features of python programming language?
  
    1) Readable and Maintainable Code
    2) Multiple Programming Paradigms
    3) Compatible with Major Platforms and Systems
    4) Robust Standard Library
    5) Many Open Source Frameworks and Tools
    6) Simplify Complex Software Development
